{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Update Utility
\f1\b0 \
5-1-15\
3 Scripts:\
	Update Reminder Prompt.sh\
	Update Force Prompt.sh\
	PreInstallation Script.sh\
\
We needed a process to reliably update computers. Though, the organization had a Union that would inhibit us from forcing updates without prompting users.  So, I devised a two part update process. The first is a \'93Reminder Prompt\'94 policy that will notify users when an update is pending. Second, on a set date the \'93Force Install\'94 policy would prompt the user that updates are going to be force and then given a 5 minute grace period to save and close all work. \
\
There are three scripts in this process:\
1. \'93Update Reminder Prompt.sh\'94 triggers when an update is available and will inform the user. It also give the user 3 options - 1. Update now, 2. Open Self Service, 3. Postpone.  \
If a user chose to update, then this script will call the custom trigger to run the installations. \
2. \'93PreInstallation Script.sh\'94 runs before each update to verifiy the target application is closed and prompts the user the update is installing. \
3. \'93Update Force Prompt.sh\'94 triggers when an update is to be forced. Gives the user 5 minutes to save and close all work. Then it will call the custom trigger to install updates. \
\
For example:\
A Firefox 80.0.1 update is needed to be deployed. The 80.0.1 package would be created and tested. \
A Smart Group would be created to target all computers without the 80.0.1 update installed. \
When the update was to go live, a Firefox policy would be created, trigger set to Custom \'93UpdateTrigger\'94, 80.0.1 package is attached, \'93PreInstallation Script.sh\'94 is attached to trigger before installation, and Scoped newly created Smart Group. \
The \'93Reminder Prompt\'94 Policy would be edited to now include the created SmartGroup. Anytime a computer checks in - and is in the Smart Group - the prompt script would trigger.\
On the Force Install date, the \'93Reminder Prompt\'94 would have the Smart Group de-scoped and the \'93Force Install\'94 Policy would be scoped to the Smart Group. Whenever a computer with a needed update checks in, the user will be prompted and the update installed. \
\
Sanitized:\
orgName}